1:abetalipoproteimemia hi, I would like to know if there is any support for those suffering with abetalipoproteinemia? I am not diagnosed but have had many test that indicate I am suffering with this, keen to learn how to get it diagnosed and how to manage, many thanks
10:asthma Question. What is the consensus of medical doctors as to whether asthma can be cured? And do you have an article discussing whether asthma can be cured?
100:X-linked congenital stationary night blindness i m suffering from similar or same decease.my mothers father suffered from same & my brother also.we have problem in low light infact cant view in damp conditions during day also have myopia but still not normal myopia cant see little object with clarity.life is looking like imprisonment.is there any chance for our recovery from this x linked decease.will we be able to see like normal ones.plz help. my age 38 y brother 44.address
101:how common is cystic fibrosis
103:how common is fragile x syndrome
105:how do i prevent myself from having dementia
106:how do i stop using rasagiline
107:how do people get diabetes
108:how do we treat the burns caused by radiation?
109:how do you administer lanreotide
110:how do you catch hepatitis c
111:how do you check for lupus?
112:how do you diagnose anxiety
113:how do you get a prolapse bladder
115:how do you get neuromuscular disorders
116:how do you get pulmonary hypertension
117:how do you test for cholesterol level in your body
118:how is a heart attack treated
119:how is asthma diagnosed
12:Bad Breath I have very bad breath and at times it can make myself and others sick.  I need some advice as to what I need to do.
121:how is edward's syndrome diagnosed
122:how is generalized anxiety disorder diagnosed
123:how is gonorrhea diagnosed
124:how is hemophilia treated
126:how is klineflyers syndrome screened
127:how is congenital heart disease passed down
129:how is edward's syndrome diagnosed
13:Bipolar and Generalized Anxiety Disorder I read about TMS Therapy.  Do you know anything about it?  Has it had success?  Also wondering about ECT?  Finally, I've been told acupuncture can help for mood disorders.  Is that true for mixed bipolar and generalized anxiety disorder along with meds?  Have you ever heard of this?
130:how is epidural harmful
131:how is epilepsy diagnosed
132:how much ibuprofen is too much
133:how much oxazepam could cause an overdose?
134:how nicotine effects the brain
135:how often do you need a pap smear
137:how smoking tobacco affects the brain
138:how smoking tobacco affects the rest of the body
139:how to deal with anxiety
14:Breast cancer at 84.    My mother was just diagnost with breast cancer. She is 84 years old, her tumor started in the milk duct and is small in size, their is a mass as well in the same breast. He is scheduled for a lumpectomy to remove both. Because of age we would like suggestions on treatment options after surgery.
140:how to loose weight
142:how to manage prostate cancer
143:how to prevent atherosclerosis
144:how to prevent conjunctivitis
145:how to prevent diabetes
147:how to prevent lung cancer
148:how to prevent schizophrenia
15:Causes of Peripheral Neuropathy What information does the National Library of Medicine have that states causes of peripheral neuropathy?
150:how to treat a heart attack
152:what are autoimmune blood disorders
153:what are known causes of bipolar disorder
154:what are pancreatic enzymes?
155:what are some common symptoms of bulimia
156:what are some of the treatments available to males with klinefelter's
157:what are symptoms of a nonfunctioning gallbladder
158:what are the causes of childhood obesity
159:what are the causes of pulmonary hypertension
16:CURE FOR PNEUMONIA Dear DR, please i have a friend that has the above illness..I want to find out...since i want to marry her...is it an infectious illness,,and can it be totally cured. And how can i help her to get this cured..Please i really need your reply urgently
160:what are the main causes tooth loss?
161:what are the risk factors of type ii diabetes
162:what are the symptoms for cystic fibrosis
163:what are the symptoms for prostate cancer
164:what are the uses of vitamin e capsules
165:what are the causes of headaches
166:what are the causes of pulmonary hypertension
167:what blood tests confirm celiac disease
168:what can cause hypoglycemia
169:what causes bipolar disorder
17:Cushing, fybromyaglia, Chronic fatigue my main concern is no treatment and the musclar distrophy effecting my heart, legs feet, shoulders, arms, etc.
170:what causes fungal pneumonia
171:what does kidney disease look like
174:what is acute diverticulitis
176:what is binge eating disorder
177:what is copd
179:what is epilepsy
18:Cervical Cancer Can a long term untreated bladder infection aid in the cause of cervical cancer? And can the fact that my mom has cervical cancer aid in my chance of getting cervical cancer?
180:what is the cause of congenital heart defects
181:what is the cause of ocd
182:what is the cause of the coffin lowry syndrome?
183:what is the disorder achondroplasia
184:what is the treatment for lymphoma
185:what medications are prescribed for brucellosis
186:what test do you do for rheumatoid "arthritis?"
187:what the treatment for bronchitis
188:what treatment do you use to cure chickenpox
189:who is at higher risk for calcium overdose?
19:Diabetes Type 2 I test before going to bed and the reading is 94 but when I test again in the morning, the reading is 165.  How can I lower it?  I eat dinner around 8PM and nothing until the next morning.
190:who is at risk for contracting dengue fever? is there a certain age group or race that contracts dengue fever?
191:why can you not take grapefruit with felodipine
193:can i take keflex to cure staph?
195:could tetanus be a cause of death?
2:about thalassemia treatment sir,my friend is suffering from thalassemia ,in that majorly red blood anemia,white blood anemia and the blood is comming out from mouth when she got cough .her condition is very severe .in her body the red ,white blood cells are abscent .so that blood transfusion is doing for every 16-20days.then in the recent days the blood also comming out from mouth please tell me where can i get the treatment for this disease .we can travel around the world for treatment please reply me as soon as possible. thank you sir.
21:My cousin she is leber amaurosis she need help I don't know where to start from
22:Stiff person Syndrome. Please can you tell me what are the early symptoms I have severe cramps in my feet which are twisting into an arc,muscle spasms slowly getting worse and my muscles particularly in my legs are cramping like someone has pushed a knitting needle into them. Started off at night but now happening through the day my back and neck and voice box are also effected and my chest area has now seized to the point of restricting my breathing to very shallow at times I find that I am stretching out involuntarily right through my body and this is becoming more frequent
23:Please help me with my brother with locked-in syndrome in  for 3 years.Somebody please help. God bless .
24:congenital diaphragmatic hernia I need to know if CDH can be passed down to future generations.  I just learned that this condition most likely caused the death of my first child back in 1971.  I was then told it was merely a fluke.  I had NO trauma during the full-term pregnancy, and I and my then husband were in very good health.  Now my son (from a different husband) and his wife are due to have fraternal twins in  2015.  Does the term 'congenital' mean that it could be passed down to another generation?  I do not want to alarm my son and his wife.  I just would like to inform whatever pediatrician is caring for these babies as to my experience.  Unfortunately my son and I are estranged.  And I do not know who is their pediatrician.  My child's CDH was very severe.  I know there are far less severe cases that can go undetected &/or undiagnosed unless there is a reason to suspect such a condition.  Please respond to my concerns.
25:Colon cancer cure seen on tv.    My father has colon cancer and said he saw a commercial on tv about a cure for colon cancer.  He cannot remember any details about it. I was wondering if you know anything about something like this.  Please let me know.  Thank you,
27:diarrhea i had bad diarrhea over the weekend and though how my mother used paregoric, went to the drug store to get some, he said they dont sell it any more  HELP
28:Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. I am doing a research project on this genetic disease and I would like to know more about it from a professional.  I am researching the mode of inheritance, symptoms, treatments/ support groups, and relative cost to family.
29:I am looking for information about Cancer of the Esophagus and I'm not finding anything on your website.
3:Absence seizures Does any damage occurre from these spells. Mental or physical
30:I have an hernia I would love to take care off it ASAP I was wondering if you guys could help me . Thanks
31:My father is suffering from IBS and is loosing weight day by day.sometimes he even faints due to weakness.He cannot digest food .please help us and suggest us upon this problem.
32:We have 14 siblings in our family , at least 10 of us has had a frozen shoulder.  We are wondering why?  should we be concerned?
33:I am a current Gastroparesis fighter with a GJ feeding tube. I am also one of the admins for a GP support group and an advocacy group. I have become a volunteer advocater. I would appreciate any info you can share about Gastroparesis, Feeding tubes, and even TPN. Thanks
35:Genetic mutaion my son born with alopicia totalis and swealling around the eyes , we have done for him Whole Exome Sequencing , they  identified a heterozygous likely pathogenic variant in the SOX18 gene, which supports the clinical diagnosis of hypotrichosis-lymphedema-telangiectasia syndrome , i would like to know if i can trat this or any thing that we can do to help the symptos ,pleae help
36:I'm a 72 year old female, and have diverticulosis,gastritis, and esophagitis.  I tried to see three different doctors today, but all were booked.  I honestly don't know what to do.  It hurts in my chest, and I can hardly talk.
38:Can you mail me patient information about Glaucoma, I was recently diagnosed and want to learn all I can about the disease.
39:Hair loss Information Required Can you provide something to help grow my hair back? I need my hair back as im the spitting double of Dr evil with no hair.
4:Achondroplasia research.    Hello, We are students from  and we are doing a biology project of genetic diseases. We chose Achondroplasia as our disease to research. We have a few question and we are hoping you could answer them. Our questions are, can you tell if your child will have Achondroplasia when you are pregnant? When do people usually come in when they think something isn't right with their child? what are the worse cases of Achondroplasia you've ever seen? Thank you in advance.   sincerely,
40:Hello,   I have a scoliosis problem plz help me I want its treatment I can send my x.ray also
41:help with obesity I would like help on my obesity problem and if I can get help
43:How bad can endometriosis get?
45:I am 23yr boy,i have knock knees i want treatment. Please help me.
46:I have a fractured nose i need it fixed. its been broke for 3 years now
47:I have been battling Anal fissure for close to two years now and it has refused to heal all these while. Please what do you suggest i do?  Thanks
48:I have been suffering from lichen planus since last four years. Some time it reduces the red sign and sometime it increases  and I cannot take spicy food or hot food.   Could you please suggest the remedies. I had consulted the dermatologist also .He gave me some ointment named as clone taxol for applying towards the read area.   Awaiting your valuable advise I this behalf.   With kind regards.   Sent from my iPad
49:I have no help its about 4 years now I have ingrown toenail i have a problem of ingrown toenail its about 4 years now I have this problem i need help
5:adrenoleukodystrophy A child I have been asked to work with has been diagnosed with this condition.I am so far unable to find info pertaining to this illness. Can you help??
53:Iron Overdose Um...i took 25 iron pills...what do i do...this was last night
54:I am suffering from Kartagener's syndrome and wanted information from you or from Dr. . for this syndrome. (About fertility) and if possible other symptoms. Thank you.
55:know more about My Daughter have Distal renal tubular acidosis. we are from Mexico, and we ae woundering if can send to us more infomation. maybe you can reccommend to us a association???? i don?t know
56:I have been researching Lewy Body Disease and have a few questions.1) Is this disease hereditary2) Does alcoholism play a role in the beginning process of this disease3) What are the initial symptoms of the diseaseAny information you could forward would be greatly appreciated.
57:I have a list of questions about Tay sachs disease and clubfoot   1. what is TSD/Clubfoot, and how does it effect a baby  2. what causes both? can it be prevented, treated, or cured  3. How common is TSD? how common is Clubfoot  4. How can your &quot;agency&quot; help a women/couple who are concerned about this congenital condition, and is there a cost?  If you can answer these few questions I would be thankful, please get back as soon as you can.
58:My daughter has menkes syndrome and would like to know how to go about. Thx
59:Please let me know where I can get literature on Cardiac amyloidosis.  My uncle died yesterday from this disorder.  Since this is such a rare disorder, and to honor his memory, I would like to distribute literature at his funeral service.
6:Anal Fissure I may have a couple anal fissures and looking to speak with someone to get some information and support.
60:milroy disease hello , my daughter has lymph edema her both legs and left hand is swelling , this problem started when she was of 3 months now she is  16 months , her swelling is growing day by day , im clue less what to do and what kind of treatment i should do plz help and suggest us
61:more information in relation to Ellis van creveld syndrome Specifically in later life can they have children has it ever been reported any researchcarried out and just as much information as possible to help my understanding of what I have Many thanks
62:What is Nephrotic Syndrome.  What are its causes and cures?
64:When and how do you know when you have congenital night blindness?
66:If oleandor was ingested by touching the plant stems inner part and then directly eating without washing hands, how long would u exspect symptoms would start? And how severe would you say symptoms may get.
67:Is optic atrophy ginetic and what cause it?
68:Are there any researches indicating how early an individual may experience any signs or symptoms of Rheumatoid Arthritis?
7:Angelman syndrome. Can a person with Angelman Syndrome have children? If so, can the disorder be passed on to offspring?
70:Polycystic ovarian syndrome Is it possible for parents to pass this on in the genes to their children - is there any other way this can be acquired?
71:polymicrogyria. My 16 month old son has this. Does not sit up our crawl yet but still trying and is improving in grabbing things etc etc. Have read about other cases that seem 10000 time worse. It's it possible for this post of his brain to grown to normal and he grow out of it?
72:prevention of preeclampsia I know that the jury is out on the exact causes of preeclampsia, but I am looking for some of the ways that the chances of acquiring it can be minimized.
73:Project. Hi my name is  and I'm doing a school project about leukemia and I was wondering if you can anwser some of my questions please.1. What cause leukemia cancer?2. Can you survive leukemia?3. How does leukemia affect your body?4. Is leukemia inherited?5. What is advanced leukemia?6. How long can someone with leukemia expect to live?7. Can you tell if you have leukemia?8. What treatments do you need to take?9. What are the signs of leukemia?10. What is the difference between AML and CML ?
74:Psoriasis for past 7-8 years I had psoriasis on my scalp for nearly 10 years. Please give suggestions and medications.
75:Research assignment Hi, I am a grade 12 student who is doing a research assignment on neurological disorders. Do you believe that there will ever be a bonafide cure for Multiple Sclerosis? If so, what kind of time frame would put on this cure?
76:prostate cancer using seeds aimed at maligmem tumors is this a safe decision
78:Rubella My grandson (4 yrs old) has contracted Rubella.  I know for sure he has had at least one of the vaccines.  They are living in Mexico right now.  Should we be worried?
79:Is it necessary to go to the dr. when getting a skull fracture?
8:Asking about Hairy cell leukemia I get report for my father from hospital it is saying that he have Hairy cell leukemia i am here to ask if this dissease dangerous and there is treatment for it  Also if The one who have it will live for long or not ?  My father age is 55  We discover the dissease by blood test
81:spina bifida; vertbral fusion;syrinx tethered cord. can u help for treatment of these problem
82:Stem Cell Therapy for Muccular Dystrophy I have read the Medline Abstracts 98,99 of 'Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy'. Please could you tell me how I contact a specialist to enquire further with this...Thank you...
84:Subcutaneous retrocalcaneal bursitis Haglund's deformity of the calcaneum.  I have this problem.  Can you please help to overcome this?
85:subjective vertigo Can macular degeneration in only one eye cause dizziness?
86:symptoms of dehydration When a person is very dehydrated do they sometimes get a tight pain in their chest (right below the breasts) right before they faint/pass out?
90:Treatment for optic nerve atrophy.    Hello Name's case : Sex : Male  Date of Birth : 1964 Nationality : X Diagnosis :  optic nerve atrophy .  i am suffering from optic atrophy, which led to loss of vision and inability to see, I suffer from this case from 1998 saluting suffered a fall on the head, which led to began this case even lost look, and have been performed process surgery in  in 1998-1999 .  And then in 2009 cured by reactive optic nerve by Russian Professor .   i want know you hospital have treatment for optic nerve atrophy , and what this treatment  i need more information about treatment of optic nerve because now  16 years old I can not vision, and I wish  could belive hope for treatment of my case. And i want know the cost of treatment . Thank you  Regards /
91:treatment options versus migraine types Migraine seems to be a spectrum of conditions rather than only one easily diagnosed affliction.  Many innovative migraine treatments are now in use, but it seems that each treatment only addresses a narrow set of conditions; for example, my daughter has tried many different treatment options (QEEG, HEG, TMS, topamax, ...) without success.  Has any research been done to characterize which treatment types are effective against which migraine types?
92:typhoid fever Hi, My name is  from X i have suffering from typhoid please give me solution  i have one question i had got treatment from one year but i am not well now give me solution?
93:varicella  shingles How can I determine whether or not I've had chicken pox.  If there is a test for it, what are the results of the tests I need to know that will tell me whether or not I have had chicken pox?  I want to know this to determine if I should have shingles vaccine  (Zostavax) Thank you.
95:Vitelliform Macular Dystrophy Would like to obtain more info on possible treatments.
97:williams sydrome conditon.    i need to send me more information about Williams Syndrome and some tips how to educate people with this disorder.I hope having news from you soon!!thank you
98:Would appreciate any good info on Lewy Body Dementia, we need to get people   aware of this dreadful disease, all they talk about is alzheimers.  Thank   you
99:would you help me to fine article or jurnal about Cri du chat syndrome
longest question : congenital diaphragmatic hernia I need to know if CDH can be passed down to future generations.  I just learned that this condition most likely caused the death of my first child back in 1971.  I was then told it was merely a fluke.  I had NO trauma during the full-term pregnancy, and I and my then husband were in very good health.  Now my son (from a different husband) and his wife are due to have fraternal twins in  2015.  Does the term 'congenital' mean that it could be passed down to another generation?  I do not want to alarm my son and his wife.  I just would like to inform whatever pediatrician is caring for these babies as to my experience.  Unfortunately my son and I are estranged.  And I do not know who is their pediatrician.  My child's CDH was very severe.  I know there are far less severe cases that can go undetected &/or undiagnosed unless there is a reason to suspect such a condition.  Please respond to my concerns. _____
shortest length question : what is copd _____
